Add section on core workflow output SCE contents (#257)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: README.md

	 └── <library_id>_<filtering_method>_processed_sce.rds
```

> The `<library_id>_<filtering_method>_core_analysis_report.html` file is the [html file](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/html-document.html#html-document) that contains the summary report of the filtering, dimensionality reduction, and clustering results associated with the processed `SingleCellExperiment` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<library_id>_core_analysis_report.html` file is the [html file](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/html-document.html#html-document) that contains the summary report of the filtering, dimensionality reduction, and clustering results associated with the processed `SingleCellExperiment` object.
```
Just as we are getting rid of the filtering method we mine as well do it here when you are making these changes too.

In the [`metadata`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#other-metadata) of the output `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following information:

- The type of filtering performed (`miQC` or `manual`) on the expression data, which can be accessed using `metadata(sce)$filtering`.
- The relevant filtering cutoffs.
In the case of [`miQC`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/miQC.html) filtering, the maximum probability of cells being compromised is stored and can be accessed using `metadata(sce)$probability_compromised_cutoff`.
See the [filtering parameters section](#filtering-parameters) for more information on what filtering cutoffs to expect here.
- A note indicating whether or not clustering of similar cells passed the [`scran::quickCluster()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/quickCluster.html) step in the normalization script.
If clustering of similar cells was successful, the note that reads "scater::logNormCounts clustered" can be found in `metadata(sce)$normalization`.

> - The subset of the most variable genes, determined using [`scran::getTopHVGs()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/getTopHVGs.html), can be accessed using `metadata(sce)$variable_genes`

Reviewer: Can you turn this into a table instead? I think you could have a table with the name for each of the items in the metadata in one column and then a description. Then you have just one sentence stating how to access them using `metadata(sce)` .

In the [`colData`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#handling-metadata) of the output `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following:

- Clustering results stored in a metadata column named using the associated clustering type and nearest neighbours values.
For example, if using the default values of Louvain clustering with a nearest neighbors parameter of 10, the column name would be `louvain_10` and can be accessed using `colData(sce)$louvain_10`.

In the [`metadata`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#other-metadata) of the output `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following information:

| Metadata Information       | Description |
|----------------------------|-------------|
| Filtering method           | The type of filtering performed ([`miQC`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/miQC.html) or `manual`) on the expression data, which can be accessed using `metadata(sce)$filtering`. |

> | Filtering cutoffs          | The relevant filtering cutoffs. In the case of `miQC` filtering, the maximum probability of cells being compromised is stored and can be accessed using `metadata(sce)$probability_compromised_cutoff`. See the [filtering parameters section](#filtering-parameters) for more information on what filtering cutoffs to expect here. |

Reviewer: I would actually list each of the filtering cutoffs as a separate row and then include a line with "Only present if filtering method used is `miQC`" and vice versa for all the manual filtering ones.

> | Clustering of similar cells for normalization | A note indicating whether or not clustering of similar cells passed the [`scran::quickCluster()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/quickCluster.html) step in the normalization script. If clustering of similar cells was successful, the note that reads "scater::logNormCounts clustered" can be found in `metadata(sce)$normalization`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `normalization` | Indicates if clustering of similar cells prior to normalization using [`scran::quickCluster()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/quickCluster.html) prior to normalization with `scater::logNormCounts()` was successful. |
```
Just simplifying this a little bit.

> | Highly variable genes | The subset of the most variable genes, determined using [`scran::getTopHVGs()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/getTopHVGs.html), can be accessed using `metadata(sce)$variable_genes`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `variable_genes` | The subset of the most variable genes, determined using [`scran::getTopHVGs()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/getTopHVGs.html). |
```

The `<library_id>_processed_sce.rds` file is the [RDS file](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/dataio.html#saving-r-files) that contains the final processed `SingleCellExperiment` object (which contains the filtered, normalized data and clustering results).

### What to expect in the output `SingleCellExperiment` object

As a result of the normalization step of the workflow, a log-transformed normalized expression matrix can be accessed using [`logcounts(sce)`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#adding-more-assays).

In the [`colData`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#handling-metadata) of the output `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following:

- Clustering results stored in a metadata column named using the associated clustering type and nearest neighbours values.
For example, if using the default values of Louvain clustering with a nearest neighbors parameter of 10, the column name would be `louvain_10` and can be accessed using `colData(sce)$louvain_10`.

> In the [`metadata`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#other-metadata) of the output `SingleCellExperiment` object, which can be accessed using `metadata(sce)` you can find the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [`metadata`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#other-metadata) of the output `SingleCellExperiment` object, which can be accessed using `metadata(sce)`,  you can find the following information:
```
Adding missing comma.

> | Metadata Information       | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Metadata Key       | Description |
```

|----------------------------|-------------|
| `filtering_method`           | The type of filtering performed ([`miQC`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/miQC.html) or `manual`) on the expression data. |

> | `prob_compromised_cutoff` | The maximum probability of cells being compromised, which only present when the `filtering_method` is set to `miQC`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prob_compromised_cutoff` | The maximum probability of cells being compromised, which is only present when the `filtering_method` is set to `miQC`. |
```

| `miQC_model` | The linear mixture model calculated by `miQC` and therefore is only present when `filtering_method` is set to `miQC`. |
| `mito_percent_cutoff` | Maximum percent mitochondrial reads per cell threshold, which is only present when `filtering_method` is set to `manual`. |
| `detected_gene_cutoff` | Minimum number of genes detected per cell, which is only present when `filtering_method` is set to `manual`. |
| `umi_count_cutoff` | Minimum unique molecular identifiers (UMI) per cell, which is only present when `filtering_method` is set to `manual`. |

> | `normalization` | Indicates if clustering of similar cells prior to normalization using [`scran::quickCluster()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/quickCluster.html) prior to normalization with `scater::logNormCounts()` was successful. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `normalization` | Indicates if clustering of similar cells using [`scran::quickCluster()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/scran/man/quickCluster.html) prior to normalization with `scater::logNormCounts()` was successful. |
```
